[Music]
boxcar Bertha and her boys took what
they wanted
now fifties striptease meet boxcar
Bertha queen of the gun tutors who am
fashion space I think we got them Kitty
is right Kim that's it that's it
yeah lady would like to say something
yes I just like to say this is a holdup
Bertha was a fun-loving gal yeah your
eyes and open your mouth
and uh me she had a taste for lovin and
an empty boxcar for a boudoir
I've been not so place you ever been
with a man
[Music]
American the theories was a free country
Bertha was just a little bit freer than
most big bill Shelley was a man fighting
all the wrongs in the world
[Applause]
[Music]
Vaughn was a mystery man
mom talker he wasn't doing
[Music]
mirtha and her gang made a name to
themselves with the police for the
newspapers were to collect printed
[Music]
hi you're coming with us
Robert Billy boy don't make me do what I
want to do
[Music]